1)
What we need is a way for our program to:

1)Start a long-running operation by calling a function.
2)Have that function start the operation and return immediately, so that our program can still be responsive to 
other events.
3)Notify us with the result of the operation when it eventually completes.
That's precisely what asynchronous functions can do.

2)
<pre readonly class="event-log"></pre> - The <pre> HTML element represents preformatted text which is to be 
presented exactly as written in the HTML file. 
Go to this link - https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/pre

3)
The loadend event is fired when a request has completed, whether successfully (after load) or unsuccessfully 
(after abort or error)

4)XMLHttpRequest (XHR) objects are used to interact with servers. You can retrieve data from a URL without having 
to do a full page refresh. This enables a Web page to update just part of a page without disrupting what the user 
is doing.

5)Consider a scenario where we request a backend database for the details of user1 and user2 and then print them on 
the screen/console. The response to this request takes time, but both of the user data requests can be carried out 
independently and at the same time. In the blocking method, user2's data request is not initiated until user1's 
data is printed to the screen.

If this was a web server, we would have to start a new thread for every new user. But JavaScript is single-threaded 
(not really, but it has a single-threaded event loop, which we’ll discuss a bit later). So this would make JavaScript 
not very well suited for multi-threaded tasks. In a web server context, one way to handle multiple requests 
concurrently is to start a new thread for each request. However, as you mentioned, JavaScript is single-threaded, 
which means that it can only execute one piece of code at a time.

To handle multiple requests concurrently in a single-threaded environment like JavaScript, we can use asynchronous 
programming techniques such as callbacks, promises, and async/await. These techniques allow the server to process 
multiple requests concurrently without blocking the main thread.

For example, when using Node.js (a popular JavaScript runtime for building web servers), we can use asynchronous 
functions to handle requests. When a request is received, the server can start processing it and then move on to 
the next request without waiting for the first request to complete. When the first request is completed, its result 
can be sent back to the client without blocking the processing of other requests.